hey whats up guys DJ Phil here hope you
enjoy the video so let's get to it
ok I hope you enjoyed my nice new little
intro there I've got quite a lot of
feedback saying that my interns bit too
long so I do apologize for that so my
new intro as you can see is a bit
shorter and I'll be sticking with this
just sort of keep some continuity before
get started as well as going to mention
that in the links below there are my
facebook and twitter pages so if you
want to keep in touch with me then
that's the best way to do it I sort of
monitor on my Twitter all the time and
my facebook is down there as well so you
can like say get in contact me viola and
without if every day let's get to it so
the first tweet me looking at is a tweak
or choose my function now this is an
interesting little app actually which is
kind of different to anything I've seen
before so this is obviously a two-year
tweak which puts this data like on on
your home screen called my function so
before we can actually use this we've
gotta jump into the settings menu and
configure what we actually want it to do
so if we go ahead and find this in the
the sayings here choose my function now
it gives you a list of options of what
you can actually choose this to do so as
you can see here you got sort of some
common features and things so the first
two you've got here is to respring and
do safe mode so those who I think could
really come in quite handy actually just
have a button on your home screen that
reached brings it for you and also
obviously you've got to be a little bit
careful if you've got that safe mode
because if you actually hit it you're
going to put something safe mode but
obviously you can easily get out of that
and then the next section here is kind
of interesting so you can use it to send
SMS is so you can select this to who you
want to send it to so mum or dad and
then make sure that mum or dad is called
that in your contacts and then you can
just go ahead and send them an SMS which
is kind of cool and in the last year
here we've got is launch cydia and all
Safari not quite sure why you'd want to
kind of do that as you've also got out
but anyway but like say gives you quite
a lot of functionality there and quite a
lot of options so definitely worth
trying and that's free and that's called
choose my function ok so since the
release of google chrome for iOS about a
week or so ago there's been a huge
amount of apps that and tweaks have been
released to kind of work with
this and sort of enhance it really
because google chrome is an amazing
little app that you can go down from the
app store but it's in my opinion it
still needs some work and this one is
called easy refresh for chrome and it
basically just gives you the kind of
respring little logo thing and that's
the refresh for the Safari usually so
you can see here you've got the little
collaborator up to the text a bit there
but you can see it the little cranberry
spring little logo there to refresh the
page now so you have a little X when
it's actually loading a page so kind of
overlap the text a little bit there so
that's kind of a little bit annoying but
it's a free tweak and I'll get to
another kind of better one I think later
in the video so we're stay tuned for
that but that one's called um easy
refresh for Chrome okay coming up next
we've got a tweak called quick playful
Notification Center and as a toll might
suggest this is kind of just and music
controls for your notification center
and then obviously kind of dashboard X
and other things like that actually
wanna sort of use it with that so as you
guys saw my video a couple of weeks ago
about twinkle jukebox now this kind of
looks very similar to that in fact so I
just pull down my notification center
here so I'm actually wasn't no music
playing so if I squiddy play a song so
you can actually see this little like
we're jukebox it has that kind of an
album art thing going on and when you
clicked on it bought done this kind of
drop down box with the music controls
and that's basically what this is really
so if I just play this song and you can
see what this looks like so it's
basically just tells you the name of the
song skip and just your sort of function
how you'd expect shuffle and repeat and
things like that so it is kind of good
in my opinion because it doesn't take up
much space you'll see I have quite a few
things on my notification center anyway
so you need any space to actually see
notifications at the end of the day so
that's quite a good little sweet because
it doesn't take up much room so the
ideal to use with dashboard X so you can
have it on your home screen and only
take up kind of one rowing and have
icons with the rest of the page so i
definitely recommend that all these
tweaks are free for hand already mention
that so this is a top 5 free tweaks
which is always nice to see so let's say
this is called quick play for
notification center and you can go check
it out
okay so the next one we've got to look
at here is called invisible grab a 5.1
so if you're on five point one point one
and you've got the camera grab a thing
for the lock screen this basically is a
winterboard theme which you'll hide that
for you so you can see here I've
actually got the little icon hidden and
it still works actually so you can still
go ahead and slide it up and open the
camera and stuff but obviously you don't
have a little icon there and would be
nice actually if this kind of extended
all the way across because that kind of
looks a bit weird to be honest and I
think it kind of benefits you just have
the iphone there anyway because it's
kind of why it's over to one side but
then I guess luck so you can still use
the the camera grabber there so still
opens the camera and things so that's
that cool little tweak so that's
actually a winterboard theme i should
say so i'm just going to jump into
winterboard and trade this this trick is
called image grabber 5.1 so you can see
here you just call invisible grabber so
there we go and like say it's available
for free on cydia okay cut nut blast you
got to equal chromosome now are in the
video I mentioned some chrome tweaks and
since the crime scene release has been
so many released out there for Cydia and
things so it might be this is the best
one this is chrome eyes again it's
available for free so no crook was there
and this just gives you the ability to
use some gestures on the fly in the
chrome app so that if everybody will
jump into chrome and i'll show you how
this works so they said this has three
main features the first feature is going
to be a three finger tap on the screen
actually gives you the full screen mode
so in a sense is better than safari
anyway because you don't have this bar a
bottom kind of covering up some of the
screen and i think reading kind of text
on safari for iphone or ipod touch or
the smallest screen devices it's kind of
difficult so this is going to be great
and the fact you can do it on the fly is
going to be so good you know when you
reach a page where you can't really read
the text and you want to kind of do bit
of reading you can just do it but anyway
i'll stop rambling and i'm doing it's
kind of a funny angle because the camera
but um when you do this up just in your
hand you'll get it every time but i
might actually get this every time so i
just try and do this and the problem you
will not find actually is that you're
sort quick on links and stuff and try
and do this anyway I got our second time
so you see here the top bars now
disappears
and you can just all so you read through
the text and it looks really nice
actually I'm a huge fan of this new
Chrome for iOS browser it's definitely a
lot better than safari in my opinion so
you see here text is just a breeze and
then you can like if you want to
obviously bring the top bar back up you
can just go ahead and tap that your top
bar comes up so that's the first thing
and then the second thing which just
makes it a lot more intuitive is a pull
to refresh the other animation that you
can use so anywhere any page you can
oddities pull to refresh which makes it
feel in line a lot more with all the
other iOS apps that are available and
then last but not least if you do a
two-finger swipe from left to right then
you can go back to the last page so
we'll just do that if you just swipe on
the screen you'll see so you go back and
again very intuitive and very simple
just to use this happen i'm a huge fan
so definitely recommend you go download
primer crow miser it's available for
free so thank you for watching this
video guys I hope you enjoyed it I will
be releasing videos pretty much every
day if not two videos per day so make
sure you check your subscription boxes
don't forget to follow the links in the
link below for my facebook and twitter
pages and don't forget if you haven't
already please clear subscribe button it
helps me tremendously and have a good
day guys i will see you on the next
video
you